this was fun what we I mean that's
thanks again yeah I'm just not that kind
of girl I only have sex once on the
first date I'm just gonna fall over your
Travel will be very soon as he puts on
his pants
watch your learn by o+ have you tell you
something right I've been dating this
girl she's white a white girl he look
like you and your white clothes okay we
hate eros know what that could be
I'm guessing it's a young single
Pakistani woman this is zubeida for your
files your x-files that's your favorite
show huh the truth is out there
are you judging Pakistan is next top
model you know how we have arranged
matters in my culture can you imagine a
world in which we end up together
I don't know I'm looking for Emily
Gardner she was checked in tonight
there's an infection we put her in a
medically induced coma coma you should
call her for life thank you come on
we're gonna handle things from here I
think I'm just gonna wait anyway broke
up I'm not sure why you're here he's
gonna stay for a second is this seat
[Music]
is that lady still looking at me so 911
I've always wanted to have a
conversation with people you've never
talked to people about 911
do anything on call the games and now I
get to play you can't run it you try to
find it word that nobody could run okay
and that Alan henge yeah see you would
one
[Music]
I think I screwed up with your daughter
yeah
[Music]
let me give you some advice come out
love isn't easy that's why they call it
love
I don't really get that I thought I
could just start saying something and
something small would come out